Create unsupported settings files topic (#1809)
astronomer/docs: astro/develop-project.md

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Unsupported project configurations 

> You cannot use `airflow.cfg` or `airflow_local_settings.py` files in an Astro project. `airflow_local_settings.py` has no effect on Astro Deployments, and `airflow.cfg` has no effect on both local environments and Astro Deployments. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can't use `airflow.cfg` or `airflow_local_settings.py` files in an Astro project. `airflow_local_settings.py` has no effect on Astro Deployments, and `airflow.cfg` has no effect on local environments and Astro Deployments. 
```
```suggestion
You cannot use `airflow.cfg` or `airflow_local_settings.py` files in an Astro project. `airflow_local_settings.py` has no effect on Astro Deployments, and `airflow.cfg` has no effect on both local environments and Astro Deployments. 
```
